Rules bootstrap candidate for Codex and Cursor

Activation is controlled by scripts/rules-bootstrap/rollout.json. While its
state is prepared, keep the existing repository AGENTS.md and home safety
kernels and routing in force; do not install this identity-free candidate.
Activation is a separate coordinator gate after person publication and a
genuine comparison of what each harness read.

Before receive or material work, obtain the coordinator's private first brief
for this actual generation: binding.json path, independently supplied binding
SHA256, expected public session UUID, and codex or cursor harness. Never infer
these from environment, configuration, current slots, or a previous generation.
The coordinator must separately approve the exact FULL company floor hash
before creating the binding. Public files must never contain private rules,
selectors, source paths, floor hashes, bindings, credentials or runtime output.

From the actual checkout root, run:
go run ./scripts/rules-bootstrap floor --binding PATH --binding-sha256 SHA256 --session UUID --harness HARNESS

Substitute only the explicitly delivered values. Read the FULL exact stdout
floor through the harness, without truncation, summarization, or treating a
file write or successful exit as a read. Apply the full floor before receive
and before any material work. Missing or unverified bootstrap blocks material
work: stop and report the gap; never weaken or replace the floor to proceed.

Then run the same flags with receive in place of floor. Read the FULL exact
receive stdout through the harness and apply it before material work. Inspect
the bounded stderr receipt status. Cache or floor-only output is degraded,
not rollout success, and leaves material work blocked. Receipt failure keeps
the checkpoint; do not overwrite, invent a new request, or retry silently.
Only an explicitly authorized identical attempt adds --retry to receive.

Private runtime belongs only below ignored tmp/aeon-rules/UUID with mode 700
directories and mode 600 distinct files. Only paimos opens the referenced
configuration and worker lease. The helper never opens either credential
source. The CLI must support session start --rules-receive; it must already
have a registered generation and a correctly configured named instance.

Receipt complete means bytes received, not publication, provenance, load or
execution verification, authority, or rollout acceptance. Genuine harness-read
comparison remains a separate activation gate. This helper cannot ensure model
obedience or reset instructions already loaded. Current home kernels coexist;
keep existing safety routing functional and report conflicts to the coordinator.
